auth: Manage cached authentication credentials.
usage: 1. svn auth [PATTERN ...]
usage: 2. svn auth --remove PATTERN [PATTERN ...]

  With no arguments, list all cached authentication credentials.
  Authentication credentials include usernames, passwords,
  SSL certificates, and SSL client-certificate passphrases.
  If PATTERN is specified, only list credentials with attributes matching one
  or more patterns. With the --remove option, remove cached authentication
  credentials matching one or more patterns.

  If more than one pattern is specified credentials are considered only if they
  match all specified patterns. Patterns are matched case-sensitively and may
  contain glob wildcards:
    ?      matches any single character
    *      matches a sequence of arbitrary characters
    [abc]  matches any of the characters listed inside the brackets
  Note that wildcards will usually need to be quoted or escaped on the
  command line because many command shells will interfere by trying to
  expand them.

Valid options:
  --remove                 : remove matching authentication credentials
  --show-passwords         : show cached passwords

Global options:
  --username ARG           : specify a username ARG
  --password ARG           : specify a password ARG (caution: on many operating
                             systems, other users will be able to see this)
  --password-from-stdin    : read password from stdin
  --no-auth-cache          : do not cache authentication tokens
  --non-interactive        : do no interactive prompting (default is to prompt
                             only if standard input is a terminal device)
  --force-interactive      : do interactive prompting even if standard input
                             is not a terminal device
  --trust-server-cert      : deprecated; same as
                             --trust-server-cert-failures=unknown-ca
  --trust-server-cert-failures ARG : with --non-interactive, accept SSL server
                             certificates with failures; ARG is comma-separated
                             list of 'unknown-ca' (Unknown Authority),
                             'cn-mismatch' (Hostname mismatch), 'expired'
                             (Expired certificate), 'not-yet-valid' (Not yet
                             valid certificate) and 'other' (all other not
                             separately classified certificate errors).
  --config-dir ARG         : read user configuration files from directory ARG
  --config-option ARG      : set user configuration option in the format:
                                 FILE:SECTION:OPTION=[VALUE]
                             For example:
                                 servers:global:http-library=serf

