status (stat, st): Print the status of working copy files and directories.
usage: status [PATH...]

  With no args, print only locally modified items (no network access).
  With -q, print only summary information about locally modified items.
  With -u, add working revision and server out-of-date information.
  With -v, print full revision information on every item.

  The first seven columns in the output are each one character wide:
    First column: Says if item was added, deleted, or otherwise changed
      ' ' no modifications
      'A' Added
      'C' Conflicted
      'D' Deleted
      'I' Ignored
      'M' Modified
      'R' Replaced
      'X' an unversioned directory created by an externals definition
      '?' item is not under version control
      '!' item is missing (removed by non-svn command) or incomplete
      '~' versioned item obstructed by some item of a different kind
    Second column: Modifications of a file's or directory's properties
      ' ' no modifications
      'C' Conflicted
      'M' Modified
    Third column: Whether the working copy directory is locked
      ' ' not locked
      'L' locked
    Fourth column: Scheduled commit will contain addition-with-history
      ' ' no history scheduled with commit
      '+' history scheduled with commit
    Fifth column: Whether the item is switched or a file external
      ' ' normal
      'S' the item has a Switched URL relative to the parent
      'X' a versioned file created by an eXternals definition
    Sixth column: Repository lock token
      (without -u)
      ' ' no lock token
      'K' lock token present
      (with -u)
      ' ' not locked in repository, no lock token
      'K' locked in repository, lock toKen present
      'O' locked in repository, lock token in some Other working copy
      'T' locked in repository, lock token present but sTolen
      'B' not locked in repository, lock token present but Broken
    Seventh column: Whether the item is the victim of a tree conflict
      ' ' normal
      'C' tree-Conflicted
    If the item is a tree conflict victim, an additional line is printed
    after the item's status line, explaining the nature of the conflict.

  The out-of-date information appears in the ninth column (with -u):
      '*' a newer revision exists on the server
      ' ' the working copy is up to date

  Remaining fields are variable width and delimited by spaces:
    The working revision (with -u or -v; '-' if the item is copied)
    The last committed revision and last committed author (with -v)
    The working copy path is always the final field, so it can
      include spaces.

  The presence of a question mark ('?') where a working revision, last
  committed revision, or last committed author was expected indicates
  that the information is unknown or irrelevant given the state of the
  item (for example, when the item is the result of a copy operation).
  The question mark serves as a visual placeholder to facilitate parsing.

  Example output:
    svn status wc
     M     wc/bar.c
    A  +   wc/qax.c

    svn status -u wc
     M           965    wc/bar.c
           *     965    wc/foo.c
    A  +           -    wc/qax.c
    Status against revision:   981

    svn status --show-updates --verbose wc
     M           965       938 kfogel       wc/bar.c
           *     965       922 sussman      wc/foo.c
    A  +           -       687 joe          wc/qax.c
                 965       687 joe          wc/zig.c
    Status against revision:   981

    svn status
     M      wc/bar.c
    !     C wc/qaz.c
          >   local missing, incoming edit upon update
    D       wc/qax.c

Valid options:
  -u [--show-updates]      : display update information
  -v [--verbose]           : print extra information
  -N [--non-recursive]     : obsolete; try --depth=files or --depth=immediates
  --depth ARG              : limit operation by depth ARG ('empty', 'files',
                             'immediates', or 'infinity')
  -q [--quiet]             : don't print unversioned items
  --no-ignore              : disregard default and svn:ignore property ignores
  --incremental            : give output suitable for concatenation
  --xml                    : output in XML
  --ignore-externals       : ignore externals definitions
  --changelist [--cl] ARG  : operate only on members of changelist ARG

Global options:
  --username ARG           : specify a username ARG
  --password ARG           : specify a password ARG
  --no-auth-cache          : do not cache authentication tokens
  --non-interactive        : do no interactive prompting
  --trust-server-cert      : accept SSL server certificates from unknown
                             certificate authorities without prompting (but only
                             with '--non-interactive')
  --config-dir ARG         : read user configuration files from directory ARG
  --config-option ARG      : set user configuration option in the format:
                                 FILE:SECTION:OPTION=[VALUE]
                             For example:
                                 servers:global:http-library=serf

