switch (sw): Update the working copy to a different URL.
usage: 1. switch URL[@PEGREV] [PATH]
       2. switch --relocate FROM TO [PATH...]

  1. Update the working copy to mirror a new URL within the repository.
     This behavior is similar to 'svn update', and is the way to
     move a working copy to a branch or tag within the same repository.
     If specified, PEGREV determines in which revision the target is first
     looked up.

     If --force is used, unversioned obstructing paths in the working
     copy do not automatically cause a failure if the switch attempts to
     add the same path.  If the obstructing path is the same type (file
     or directory) as the corresponding path in the repository it becomes
     versioned but its contents are left 'as-is' in the working copy.
     This means that an obstructing directory's unversioned children may
     also obstruct and become versioned.  For files, any content differences
     between the obstruction and the repository are treated like a local
     modification to the working copy.  All properties from the repository
     are applied to the obstructing path.

     Use the --set-depth option to set a new working copy depth on the
     targets of this operation.

  2. Rewrite working copy URL metadata to reflect a syntactic change only.
     This is used when repository's root URL changes (such as a scheme
     or hostname change) but your working copy still reflects the same
     directory within the same repository.

  See also 'svn help update' for a list of possible characters
  reporting the action taken.

Valid options:
  -r [--revision] ARG      : ARG (some commands also take ARG1:ARG2 range)
                             A revision argument can be one of:
                                NUMBER       revision number
                                '{' DATE '}' revision at start of the date
                                'HEAD'       latest in repository
                                'BASE'       base rev of item's working copy
                                'COMMITTED'  last commit at or before BASE
                                'PREV'       revision just before COMMITTED
  -N [--non-recursive]     : obsolete; try --depth=files or --depth=immediates
  --depth ARG              : limit operation by depth ARG ('empty', 'files',
                            'immediates', or 'infinity')
  --set-depth ARG          : set new working copy depth to ARG ('exclude',
                            'empty', 'files', 'immediates', or 'infinity')
  -q [--quiet]             : print nothing, or only summary information
  --diff3-cmd ARG          : use ARG as merge command
  --relocate               : relocate via URL-rewriting
  --ignore-externals       : ignore externals definitions
  --force                  : force operation to run
  --accept ARG             : specify automatic conflict resolution action
                            ('postpone', 'base', 'mine-conflict',
                             'theirs-conflict', 'mine-full', 'theirs-full',
                             'edit', 'launch')

Global options:
  --username ARG           : specify a username ARG
  --password ARG           : specify a password ARG
  --no-auth-cache          : do not cache authentication tokens
  --non-interactive        : do no interactive prompting
  --trust-server-cert      : accept unknown SSL server certificates without
                             prompting (but only with '--non-interactive')
  --config-dir ARG         : read user configuration files from directory ARG
  --config-option ARG      : set user configuration option in the format:
                                 FILE:SECTION:OPTION=[VALUE]
                             For example:
                                 servers:global:http-library=serf


