update (up): Bring changes from the repository into the working copy.
usage: update [PATH...]

  If no revision is given, bring working copy up-to-date with HEAD rev.
  Else synchronize working copy to revision given by -r.

  For each updated item a line will be printed with characters reporting
  the action taken. These characters have the following meaning:

    A  Added
    D  Deleted
    U  Updated
    C  Conflict
    G  Merged
    E  Existed
    R  Replaced

  Characters in the first column report about the item itself.
  Characters in the second column report about properties of the item.
  A 'B' in the third column signifies that the lock for the file has
  been broken or stolen.
  A 'C' in the fourth column indicates a tree conflict, while a 'C' in
  the first and second columns indicate textual conflicts in files
  and in property values, respectively.

  If --force is used, unversioned obstructing paths in the working
  copy do not automatically cause a failure if the update attempts to
  add the same path.  If the obstructing path is the same type (file
  or directory) as the corresponding path in the repository it becomes
  versioned but its contents are left 'as-is' in the working copy.
  This means that an obstructing directory's unversioned children may
  also obstruct and become versioned.  For files, any content differences
  between the obstruction and the repository are treated like a local
  modification to the working copy.  All properties from the repository
  are applied to the obstructing path.  Obstructing paths are reported
  in the first column with code 'E'.

  If the specified update target is missing from the working copy but its
  immediate parent directory is present, checkout the target into its
  parent directory at the specified depth.  If --parents is specified,
  create any missing parent directories of the target by checking them
  out, too, at depth=empty.

  Use the --set-depth option to set a new working copy depth on the
  targets of this operation.

Valid options:
  -r [--revision] ARG      : ARG (some commands also take ARG1:ARG2 range)
                             A revision argument can be one of:
                                NUMBER       revision number
                                '{' DATE '}' revision at start of the date
                                'HEAD'       latest in repository
                                'BASE'       base rev of item's working copy
                                'COMMITTED'  last commit at or before BASE
                                'PREV'       revision just before COMMITTED
  -N [--non-recursive]     : obsolete; try --depth=files or --depth=immediates
  --depth ARG              : limit operation by depth ARG ('empty', 'files',
                             'immediates', or 'infinity')
  --set-depth ARG          : set new working copy depth to ARG ('exclude',
                             'empty', 'files', 'immediates', or 'infinity')
  -q [--quiet]             : print nothing, or only summary information
  --diff3-cmd ARG          : use ARG as merge command
  --force                  : handle unversioned obstructions as changes
  --ignore-externals       : ignore externals definitions
  --changelist [--cl] ARG  : operate only on members of changelist ARG
  --editor-cmd ARG         : use ARG as external editor
  --accept ARG             : specify automatic conflict resolution action
                             ('postpone', 'working', 'base', 'mine-conflict',
                             'theirs-conflict', 'mine-full', 'theirs-full',
                             'edit', 'launch', 'recommended') (shorthand:
                             'p', 'mc', 'tc', 'mf', 'tf', 'e', 'l', 'r')
  --parents                : make intermediate directories
  --adds-as-modification   : Local additions are merged with incoming additions
                             instead of causing a tree conflict. Use of this
                             option is not recommended! Use 'svn resolve' to
                             resolve tree conflicts instead.

Global options:
  --username ARG           : specify a username ARG
  --password ARG           : specify a password ARG (caution: on many operating
                             systems, other users will be able to see this)
  --password-from-stdin    : read password from stdin
  --no-auth-cache          : do not cache authentication tokens
  --non-interactive        : do no interactive prompting (default is to prompt
                             only if standard input is a terminal device)
  --force-interactive      : do interactive prompting even if standard input
                             is not a terminal device
  --trust-server-cert      : deprecated; same as
                             --trust-server-cert-failures=unknown-ca
  --trust-server-cert-failures ARG : with --non-interactive, accept SSL server
                             certificates with failures; ARG is comma-separated
                             list of 'unknown-ca' (Unknown Authority),
                             'cn-mismatch' (Hostname mismatch), 'expired'
                             (Expired certificate), 'not-yet-valid' (Not yet
                             valid certificate) and 'other' (all other not
                             separately classified certificate errors).
  --config-dir ARG         : read user configuration files from directory ARG
  --config-option ARG      : set user configuration option in the format:
                                 FILE:SECTION:OPTION=[VALUE]
                             For example:
                                 servers:global:http-library=serf

