
NAME
	tardy - a tar post-processor

SYNOPSIS
	tardy [ option...  ][ infile [ outfile ]]
	tardy -Help
	tardy -VERSion

DESCRIPTION
	The tardy program is used to manipulate the file headers within tar(1)
	archive files.

	This is useful when preparing sources for Internet archive sites, and
	you don't want to included details of your development environment in
	the tar(1) file.

	One of the most useful features is the ability to add a prefix to the
	names of the files within the tar(1) file.  An example is adding the
	prefix ".", for when you have a tar(1) file with absolute paths in it,
	and need to extract the file with relative paths.

	The GNU tar format headers are understood, including extended names.

	If no input file is named, or the special name "-" is used, input will
	be read from the standard input.  Similarly, if no output file is
	named, or the special name "-" is used, output will be written to the
	standard output.

OPTIONS
	The following options are understood:

	-Block_Size number
		Thsi option many be used to specify the block size, as a
		multiple of 512 bytes.	The default is CW]-bs=20 resulting in a
		10KB block size.

	-Clean_Meta
		This option may be used to ensure that file names do not
		contain shell meta characters.	If any are found, they are
		replaced by a hyphen (-) character.  Warning: duplicate file
		names may result.

	-Clean_Print
		This option may be used to ensure that file names only contain
		printable ascii characters.  If any non-printable characters
		are found, they are replaced by a hyphen (-) character.
		Warning: duplicate file names may result.

	-Clean_Space
		This option may be used to ensure that file names contain no
		white space characters.	 If any are found, they are replaced by
		a hyphen (-) character.	 Warning: duplicate file names may
		result.

	-Clean
		This option is a terse way of specifying all of the above 3
		options.

	-DownCase
		This option may be used to force file names to be all lower
		case.  Warning: duplicate file names may result.

	-Group arg
		This option may be used to set both the group name and group
		number fields in the header of every file in the archive file.
		The argument may be either a string or a number.  It is an
		error if a corresponding entry cannot be found in the
		/etc/group file.

	-Group_NAme string
		This option is used to set the group name field in the header
		of every file in the archive file.  The string may be any
		arbitrary string, it is not restricted to a known group.

	-Group_NAme number
		This option is used to set the group name field in the header
		of every file in the archive file.  The number is mapped to a
		group name through the /etc/group file.	 It is an error if a
		corresponding group cannot be found.

	-Group_NUmber string
		This option is used to set the group number field in the header
		of every file in the archive file.  The string is mapped to a
		group number through the /etc/group file.  It is an error if a
		corresponding group cannot be found.

	-Group_NUmber number
		This option is used to set the group number field in the header
		of every file in the archive file.  The number may be any
		arbitrary number, it is not restricted to a known group.

	-Help
		This option may be used to obtain more information about how to
		use the tardy program.

	-Input_ForMaT name
		This option may be used to specify the input format to be used.
		The input names are

		tar
			This format understands all of the various tar(1)
			formats.  This is the default.

		list
			The input is a text file which contains one file name
			per line.  The named files are read as if they were the
			input.	It is common for find(1) to be used to form the
			list of file names.

		Any other format name will produce an error.

	-List
		Give a terse listing of the file headers on the standard error
		as they are written to the output.

	-No_Directories
		This option may be used to supress directories from the output.
		This can be useful when the archive has been created with
		directories in useless modes.

	-Mode_Clear bits
		This option may be used to set the mode of each file in the
		archive file.  The bits specified are cleared in the mode.  You
		should use an octal number with a leading zero as the argument;
		if you omit the leading zero it will be interpreted as decimal.
		The -Mode_Set option is applied first, the -Mode_Clear option
		is applied specond; if neither is specified the mode of each
		file is unaltered.

	-Mode_Set bits
		This option may be used to set the mode of each file in the
		archive file.  The bits specified are set in the mode.	You
		should use an octal number with a leading zero as the argument;
		if you omit the leading zero it will be interpreted as decimal.

	-Now
		Set the last-time-modified field of the headers to the current
		time, all files will be giben the same time.

	-Old_Type
		By default, tardy corrects the old normal file type into the
		modern normal file type.  This option requests that old normal
		file type indicators remain unaltered.

	-Output_ForMaT name
		This option may be used to specify the output format to be
		used.  The output names are

		ustar
			The format that GNU tar uses.  This is the default.

		tar-bsd
			The format that BSD tar(1) uses.

		cpio
			The new cpio(1) ASCII format.

		cpio-old-ascii
			The old cpio(1) ASCII format.

		v7
			The ancient UNIX V7 tar(1) format.

		Any other format name will produce an error.

	-Prefix string
		This option is used to add a prefix directory name to the name
		of every file in the archive file.

	-PROgress
		This option is used to obtain a progress indicator.  Only works
		in combination with the --ifmt=list option.

	-Remove_Prefix number
		This option is used to remove a number of leading directories
		from the name of every file in the archive file, if present.
		The prefixes will be removed before any prefix specified by the
		-Prefix option is prepended.

	-Remove_Prefix string
		This option is used to remove a prefix directory name from the
		name of every file in the archive file, if present.  This
		option may be given more than once, and as many of the prefixes
		as appear will be removed.  The prefixes will be removed before
		any prefix specified by the -Prefix option is prepended.

		This option is potentially ambiguous with the preceeding
		option, if you wish to remove a leading prefix which looks like
		a number.  If this is the case, add a slash ("/") to the end of
		the prefix to stop it looking like a number.

	-UpCase
		This option may be used to force file names to be all upper
		case.  Warning: duplicate file names may result.

	-User arg
		This option may be used to set both the user name and user
		number fields in the header of every file in the archive file.
		The argument may be either a string or a number.  It is an
		error if a corresponding entry cannot be found in the
		/etc/passwd file.

	-User_NAme string
		This option is used to set the user name field in the header of
		every file in the archive file.	 The string may be any
		arbitrary string, it is not restricted to a known user.

	-User_NAme number
		This option is used to set the user name field in the header of
		every file in the archive file.	 The number is mapped to a user
		name through the /etc/passwd file.  It is an error if a
		corresponding user cannot be found.

	-User_NUmber string
		This option is used to set the user number field in the header
		of every file in the archive file.  The string is mapped to a
		user number through the /etc/passwd file.  It is an error if a
		corresponding user cannot be found.

	-User_NUmber number
		This option is used to set the user number field in the header
		of every file in the archive file.  The number may be any
		arbitrary number, it is not restricted to a known user.

	-VERSion
		Print the version of the tardy program being executed.

	See also tardy(1) for options common to all tardy commands.

	All options may be abbreviated; the abbreviation is documented as the
	upper case letters, all lower case letters and underscores (_) are
	optional.  You must use consecutive sequences of optional letters.

	All options are case insensitive, you may type them in upper case or
	lower case or a combination of both, case is not important.

	For example: the arguments "-help, "-HELP" and "-h" are all interpreted
	to mean the -Help option.  The argument "-hlp" will not be understood,
	because consecutive optional characters were not supplied.

	Options and other command line arguments may be mixed arbitrarily on
	the command line, after the function selectors.

	The GNU long option names are understood.  Since all option names for
	tardy are long, this means ignoring the extra leading '-'.  The
	"--option=value" convention is also understood.

EXIT STATUS
	The tardy command will exit with a status of 1 on any error.  The tardy
	command will only exit with a status of 0 if there are no errors.

COPYRIGHT
	tardy version 1.12.D002
	Copyright (C) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
	2003, 2004 Peter Miller; All rights reserved.

	The tardy program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details use
	the 'tardy -VERSion Warranty' command.	The tardy program is free
	software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain
	conditions; for details use the 'tardy -VERSion Redistribution'
	command.

AUTHOR
	Peter Miller   EMail: millerp@canb.auug.org.au
	/\/\*	     WWW: http://www.canb.auug.org.au/~millerp/
