Usage: mdadm --assemble device options...
       mdadm --assemble --scan options...

This usage assembles one or more raid arrays from pre-existing
components.
For each array, mdadm needs to know the md device, the identity of
the array, and a number of sub devices. These can be found in a number
of ways.

The md device is either given on the command line or is found listed
in the config file.  The array identity is determined either from the
--uuid or --super-minor commandline arguments, from the config file,
or from the first component device on the command line.

The different combinations of these are as follows:
 If the --scan option is not given, then only devices and identities
 listed on the command line are considered.
 The first device will be the array device, and the remainder will be
 examined when looking for components.
 If an explicit identity is given with --uuid or --super-minor, then
 only devices with a superblock which matches that identity is considered,
 otherwise every device listed is considered.

 If the --scan option is given, and no devices are listed, then
 every array listed in the config file is considered for assembly.
 The identity of candidate devices are determined from the config file.

 If the --scan option is given as well as one or more devices, then
 Those devices are md devices that are to be assembled.  Their identity
 and components are determined from the config file.

 If mdadm can not find all of the components for an array, it will assemble
 it but not activate it unless --run or --scan is given.  To preserve this
 behaviour even with --scan, add --no-degraded.  Note that "all of the
 components" means as many as were present the last time the array was running
 as recorded in the superblock.  If the array was already degraded, and
 the missing device is not a new problem, it will still be assembled.  It
 is only newly missing devices that cause the array not to be started.

Options that are valid with --assemble (-A) are:
  --bitmap=          : bitmap file to use wit the array
  --uuid=       -u   : uuid of array to assemble. Devices which don't
                       have this uuid are excluded
  --super-minor= -m  : minor number to look for in super-block when
                       choosing devices to use.
  --name=       -N   : Array name to look for in super-block.
  --config=     -c   : config file
  --scan        -s   : scan config file for missing information
  --run         -R   : Try to start the array even if not enough devices
                       for a full array are present
  --force       -f   : Assemble the array even if some superblocks appear
                     : out-of-date.  This involves modifying the superblocks.
  --update=     -U   : Update superblock: try '-A --update=?' for option list.
  --no-degraded      : Assemble but do not start degraded arrays.
